[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> EMERY SMITH: Today on Cosmic
Disclosure, we're with Tim,
who is speaking with
us from Germany.
Tim is a tactical advisor in
the covert governance in Germany
that's related to
extraterrestrial life.
Tim, welcome to the show.
>> TIM: Thank you
again for having me.
>> EMERY: Now, Tim, from all
the years of direct contact
experiences with a variety of
species within special access
programs, what is your most
personally meaningful experience
of all?
>> TIM: Yeah.
Today, we're going to
speak about the most
personal of my experiences.
I'm quite nervous of bringing
that out into the public,
but here we are.
So well, basically, it was
one of those days where
I came into those facilities and
I've been informed we were still
doing the contact
work with the Greys,
and I've been informed
that they wanted
to do something special today.
And I just nodded
because that's usually
the thing you do when
your superior informs you
about something,
which I didn't know
was the acceptance to what's
going to happen on a soul
level or something.
So basically, they actually
performed a consciousness
download on me so
that I actually,
with my own consciousness,
went into their level six
consciousness Grey being.
>> EMERY: How did
all this happen?
I mean, tell us
the entire process
of entering level
six consciousness.
>> TIM: So basically, I entered
the typical container situation
that we've talked
about many, many times.
I've actually met two
of those Grey figures.
And from that moment on, I only
remember that, well, reality
changed in some kind of way.
So I felt myself
disintegrated from the reality
that we have here
on this planet.
There was some kind of blurry
in-between phase that I cannot
really make sense of.
And in that moment,
I felt integrated
into the consciousness sphere of
this gigantic Grey intelligence
at level six consciousness.
>> EMERY: Tim, expand a
little bit more on that.
What does that mean exactly?
>> TIM: It means exactly that
your own consciousness gets
introduced to a
different reality.
So what you suddenly felt was
that the whole existence of me
being Tim was not real anymore.
So it was just some kind
of artificial simulation
in that kind of way.
And I suddenly
felt that I merged
with this gigantic super
consciousness of the Greys.
And it was frustrating
and depressive
and very, very, very, very
isolated in that context.
>> EMERY: Why was it depressive
when you were having this
mind-blowing opportunity?
>> TIM: I don't want to go into
many details because there is
something that's
called cold trauma,
which would be like forwarding
this experience in that kind
of sense.
But I think, well,
I suddenly realized
that the universe in
itself is actually alone.
And it felt super, super
alone in that moment,
and that anything
that we are creating
is actually just some
kind of artificial show
that we're just convincing
ourselves to be part of,
and that this has no
substantial value at all.
And this must have been the
intelligence of level six
consciousness of the Greys,
which actually came to this,
which I called a dead
end mode at some point,
where they have taken control
over their whole existence
so much that it doesn't make
any difference anymore if you
experience it or if you don't.
It's like you realize that
nothing in the universe
actually has any value.
>> EMERY: On this earthly plane,
is that 3D reality projection
when you were in this higher
realm of consciousness?
>> TIM: Yeah, I
think that's the sad,
sad consciousness that this
Grey consciousness conveys.
It's like you've been inside
of a video game or something,
and then you shut down
the PC and suddenly
your whole experience
and your whole existence
has no value anymore.
So that was actually
this deep sense
of feeling isolated and being
restless in spacelessness
and timelessness.
>> EMERY: Were you experiencing
being six in relation
to the Greys or collective
of all consciousness?
>> TIM: So what I was
experiencing actually was
the level six
consciousness of the Greys.
So basically, the Grey line
could access different lines
of consciousness, which range
from level three consciousness
to level six consciousness.
And their level six
consciousness at that moment
was super devastated because
through all their experiences,
through all their superiority,
they came to this moment
where they were so
superior that even
reality bent in front of them
and it had no value anymore.
It's like you're
playing this video game
and someone has given you all
the cheat codes in that manner,
and suddenly you
feel like you're only
playing a chess game isolated
with yourself through eternity.
And any relationship that you
have has no value anymore.
And that brought me into a very
depressed mood for, I think,
three years or
something until we
started to work with being six.
And being six actually,
well, in this case,
they friendly approached
me and asked me
if I was willing to look into
their version of their level six
consciousness.
And this was a
whole new dimension.
So I went there through a
consciousness experience
into a level six
consciousness two times.
But this time, you
came to the realization
that, yes, everything
is some kind of creation
but it's beautiful.
It's a huge wonder and it's
beautiful to have the chance
to be in relationship with
all these aspects of yourself
and to wondrously exchange all
this experience and this love
with each other, and
to go through this,
and have all this huge variety
of colors and aspects and beauty
that you can create and
play with for all times.
There's no ground to
where you fall down to.
It's just you're floating
in creativity forever.
>> EMERY: Now, Tim, the contrast
from human perspective to that
of a level six, was that too
much to handle that time?
>> TIM: I'm pretty convinced
that the Greys want to translate
to me their perspective, their
failed perspective in some way
on reality and life.
And the reason why
they participate
with me and with other beings in
order to find a reason for life,
if you may say it that way.
So basically, a lot of the
projects and the communication
that we then had was about
finding your inner sparkle
again.
Like, what's the
reason for existence?
Why should you even
care about being alive?
And we found out that
the Greys are actually
quite interested in solving
puzzles, for example.
So even when the whole universe
is actually one life form,
it offers an almost
infinite number
of puzzles and situations
and exciting ways
to solve and puzzle around.
And this seemed to
be something that
was more or less the spark
to the motivation for life
for the Greys.
>> EMERY: Tim, from your
first experience in level six
to the time you experienced
it a few years later,
what was the difference?
>> TIM: Oh, the perspective
totally changed.
So it's basically the same.
You could either
see the universe
as being an isolated
life form that
only has itself and everything
that it creates is just
like a useless, meaningless--
I don't know, temporary
play or something.
But you could also say that
the universe is itself.
And so millions and
billions and trillions
of aspects and
varieties, and that
there will always,
for eternity, there
will be something to explore
that we can create together,
that we can go together, that we
are on this mission all together
that gives us meaning,
that our life has meaning,
that creation
itself has meaning,
and that this is the
most beautiful thing that
could have ever happen to us.
And I'm quite convinced that the
Greys would have loved and want
to come from the one perspective
to the other perspective,
and that their reason
for communicating
with me and the reason for
everything that's taking place
right now is for us all to shift
to this happy place of being
six.
>> EMERY: Is this like what
the Hindus call samadhi, Tim,
or a universal
oneness experience?
Do you think there is a
connection between the Greys,
being six, and
Eastern philosophy?
>> TIM: Yeah, totally.
So it's just that.
So basically, something that
being six told, said to me
was that without us, the
creator would be alone.
But with us, he has more ways to
have joy, experience joy and fun
than he could ever think of
himself or herself or itself.
So basically, we are in this
existence, in this play.
And it's for us to give
joy to our highest being
and to receive that joy back.
And that will create this ever
ongoing multiplicity of beauty
in that kind of way.
>> EMERY: Is this immersion into
level six consciousness where
you get your profound
knowledge about the Greys,
or is it from
face-to-face encounters?
>> TIM: I think
it's both, actually.
So I think that all the
data that I've received
comes from direct contact
and direct communication
in that field.
But I think the emotional side
and the significance of it
and being invested in
that kind of scenario,
this comes from the direct
experience for sure.
>> EMERY: Tim, is this what
you call the master line
of the Greys?
>> TIM: Yeah, very well.
That's absolutely correct.
This is the master
line of the Greys
that had failed because
it came to the conclusion
that it had no reason
anymore for existence.
And through that,
it became isolated
and didn't move anymore.
So basically, the universe
came mostly to a stop
because it was also so rejective
towards new information.
So basically, the Greys
came, this master line
came to a full control
version of itself,
which means that it needs
to refuse any other control
of any other beings.
So from that perspective,
they were alone.
There was nobody, there
was none, nothing else
than this one creative
main core, if you want,
this consciousness core
that is just entertaining
itself with ideas.
And at some point, even
that didn't matter anymore,
and then it just
fell into deep sleep.
And now we have this new
version of the reality, which
is where humans play a
role and we're all back
to this level
three consciousness
in order to have a better
version of level six
consciousness.
So this is actually the
answer to your question,
why level three consciousness
or humans in their minor form
play a role to advanced beings?
Because they just get
back into the experience
and roll it out new and
come to a better conclusion.
>> EMERY: Tim, why do you think
you were specifically chosen
by the level six master line
of the Greys for this profound
experience?
>> TIM: I have no
idea, actually.
I feel quite normal, actually.
I don't know.
I think that I bring
some communicative skills
to the table.
I think that I'm
creative in myself
and I'm interested in creation.
I'm also empathic
in some kind of way,
and I basically
nodded when I was
asked if I want to experience
something profound,
and little did I know
what's going to happen.
So I wouldn't know
if I would have
agreed if I would have known
the full potential of what's
going to happen.
But then again, the
level six consciousness
of being six and the
other perspective,
too, it brings so much more
joy and so much more such
an enhanced and enriched
perspective on life
that it's just
beautiful and wonderful
to have experienced that.
>> EMERY: Now, did you
personally get something from
that experience beyond
your own enrichment?
>> TIM: I would also say that
in direct comparison that I can
recall a lot of data.
And also, like I'm constantly
calculating timelines
in my mind, which seems
to be something that
comes from this experience.
Yeah.
>> EMERY: What does calculating
a timeline in your mind entail?
>> TIM: Well, it means that
level six consciousness is
actually a consciousness, an
awareness outside of time.
So once you've had this
kind of experience,
then you sort of
gain an understanding
of how temporal dynamics work.
I've also been trained on that.
So this is something that I
can't stop doing, actually.
So this is some-- it's like
playing Sudoku in your mind
in some kind of way.
>> EMERY: What do you think the
level six master line of Greys
has got from you
in that experience?
>> TIM: Pretty clearly, they
got from me that I was able
to connect being six
to the Greys through me
as an intermediate, which
means that this master line
of the Greys was so extremely
isolated and was not accepting
any other truth because
there they were so solid
in their reality perspective,
if that makes sense.
They would never ever
accept the perspective
of being six as
possible anymore.
So they needed myself who went
through this other experience
in order to say it's an opposing
experience, but it's there.
You can choose, basically.
So sometimes it's just
like having a friend who's
showing in a different direction
and different perspective,
and then your
whole life changed.
>> EMERY: Some people might
suggest that this complete
integration of your individual
sense of Tim with the master
line of the Greys would make
you an awakened Grey being.
What would you say to that?
>> TIM: I don't know
because, I mean,
I've been to the level six
consciousness of being six
as well.
And being six is composed of so
many beautiful other species,
collectives,
individuals, et cetera,
that I don't feel
attached to any species
at all, if I come to
this conclusion actually.
So I would say that it's
your personal choice
in some kind of way.
So many people are wondering
what kind of starseed they are
or what their
perspective and role is.
And the only answer
I can give to that
is that it's a book
that wants to be
written in that kind of way.
And if you calculate the
timelines correctly and/or do
what your heart wants and where
you feel your heart presence,
it's beautiful.
You're writing your own story.
And that's wonderful.
>> EMERY: Can you describe the
difference between a level six
consciousness and a being six?
>> TIM: Yeah, for sure.
So level six
consciousness is a model
in order to bring structure
to consciousness awareness,
to bring a structure to that.
So being six is a life form that
exists in a realm of level six
consciousness.
That doesn't mean that
it's the only one.
By far, it's not.
There are many,
many other beings.
The Greys itself
have a "being six,"
if you want to call it that way.
They all have different
ultimate beings that
are at level six consciousness.
And if you, for example, take
the concept of your higher
being, there's the
spiritual concept
that everyone has this
higher being, which
is actually a soul level.
So any one of us is operating
on level six consciousness
on the soul level.
People usually feel
separated from that.
They don't have this
direct experience.
But when you have a three--
level three consciousness,
you always have a
level six consciousness
on your soul level as well.
>> EMERY: Is that where the soul
resides when the body container
is no longer in existence?
>> TIM: 100%, yes.
It's what is called the
realm of non-existence.
You could also call
it death if you want.
But through this
malevolent installation
that we have on this
planet, the people
associate something
very specific with death
because that's what
they have been taught
and through their
own creative forces.
If they don't decide
for something else
to be relevant in there,
they will replicate
that in some kind of way.
But the truth is that this realm
exists and it can be beautiful.
>> EMERY: Now, Tim, wouldn't
it be more accurate to say
it's the realm of the
unformed existence rather than
the non-existence?
>> TIM: 100%.
It's formless form or--
yeah, formless form,
I think it's called.
>> EMERY: Now, having
experienced this profound union
with the master
line of the Greys,
what would you say is next
in terms of your mission?
>> TIM: So basically, I'm
seeking for a level seven
consciousness just as
much as many other species
and collectives or
individuals are,
which would be
the unified field.
So actually, remembering that
we are all creating creatively
this universe and
our experience,
well, would be super
attractive to me.
So that anyone else can
create their own home
and that we have a multitude
of level six consciousness
so that we can, exchange and
journey from one to another.
So that's basically something
that I'm super interested in.
>> EMERY: Now, did the Greys
task you for any specific
mission here on Earth?
>> TIM: Well, they asked
me specifically to connect
to the Trogdaborians,
which I did--
which I denied.
I'm 100% convinced that they
knew what they were doing.
Bringing me to the awareness
of this master line
and then having me find a
solution for that in some way,
I think that was on purpose.
Because basically, it's
like bringing someone
into the realm of the
problem and then observing
how he or she is solving it.
So my approach or
whatever my destiny was,
was to connect with
being six, which
was a suitable solution,
not only for me
but for a multitude of beings.
>> EMERY: So how do you
integrate the unity you
experienced into your
individual journey?
And how do humans move
forward as a united species?
>> TIM: Well, we're on a
perfect way, actually, I guess.
Because in the last
few years, there
have been so many changes
and so much more knowledge
is being brought to
public attention.
There will be a moment where
a bigger group of people
will become aware that they can
form and create the reality.
And through that, they will
create a collective field
where other beings that
are on the way to that
can actually be hosted.
And through that,
once we've established
that, when we have quite
a holistic society,
and from that moment on, it's
all about creation, exploration,
and finding your
perfect home, actually.
So I would say we need to
overcome this level three
experience and accept that
it's behind us already.
And say goodbye to it and
then go forward into existence
and create whatever
comes from our heart.
>> EMERY: Outside
from Greys and humans,
who else holds the
unity sense of being?
>> TIM: It depends.
So it's basically like
what the Buddhists say,
that anything carries
the Buddha nature.
I've talked to Sarah Breksman
Cosme lately and she said to me,
so it's fascinating that
I can remember all that
and I can recall all this
information and the experience
itself.
I would say that anything
and everything is connected
to a certain realm of
level six consciousness,
but it's being blocked
out in some kind of way
as long as you want
it to be blocked out.
And it's much more profound
when you really experience
that as your only reality.
And coming back from that
might have changed you
in some kind of way.
So answering your question,
everything and anything,
inanimate or alive or
non-alive, if that makes sense,
has its own level
six experience,
but maybe some have
multiple of them
and need to decide
for one to come true.
And yeah, whenever
they make that
an aware and
experienceable experience,
it totally changed everything.
>> EMERY: As we
conclude this episode,
what do you want to offer to
the viewers from your profound
experiences with the Greys
as we all move forward?
>> TIM: If there's anything
I would say that we all need
to come to a place of
home in the universe.
And then once we
found that and we
found this beautiful
inner space that we think
is worth living
and worth sharing,
that you go out there and
share it with the community.
And I think that's the approach
that I'm doing, actually.
>> EMERY: Now, Tim, there are
so many starseeds and beings
in the universe, which ones
do you resonate with the most
within your consciousness?
>> TIM: None, actually.
I don't-- I don't care.
I really don't care.
I don't care about the form
or the experience in general.
I think anyone can choose
their material form
and whatever form they like,
but it should suit them.
And when they find their own
signature or their own design
and they spark joy
into the universe
and they entertain
the one creator
and they invite
people to join them,
I think that's the most
beautiful thing to do.
>> EMERY: Yes.
>> TIM: It seems to me that this
is the approach of the universe,
that it wants us all to find
home and to find the sparkle
of what keeps us alive.
And in that moment, it
can be happy with us.
And that's the
ultimate experience.
>> EMERY: Tim, I want to
thank you so much for sharing
your personal story with us.
On behalf of our
audience here at Gaia,
we are very grateful
for what you've offered.
>> TIM: Thank you so much.
I'm very grateful
to you and I'm super
happy that we have this
community of people
coming together and
experiencing, and bringing
being seven into life.
>> EMERY: I'm Emery Smith and
this is Cosmic Disclosure.
Until next time.
[AUDIO LOGO]